Each person chooses three original pieces,
See who cuts out the value and buy it. no problem,
But the price of the original itself cannot be overstated.
The original that comes out of it is beyond the original itself,
Just in the three primitives, I will let you cherish them.
It's really funny, this kid dares to get in someone's face even if he doesn't care about it.
It’s true, I still want Mr. Wang to admit his mistake,
I don’t know how to hear the truth.
Mr. Li is really discerning, so many are so spicy,
But is this little bird suitable for your status as a loser?
This piece of Fa Yu Ren pretends to be 200,000 yuan.
I didn’t expect you, a loser, to be so lucky.
Good things can be found out of scraps
That young master's luck is not very good.
Toriko is still so good that she can find a way out
But it’s just the first piece
In the evening, remember to let your old dislike pass